Does it work with Straight Talk from walmart?
Does this phone work with sprint prepaid
Can I use 128gb mem stick ?
What size SIM card does this use please.
Does it work with verizon
Does it work with metropcs
What size are the sim cards
does this work with sprint?
Does it work with metro pcs?
why does it say partial voice/text on the tmobile network
How many credit cards will it hold?
will this fit a android 4.0 ?
Is this case good and slip resistant?
Does this fit iPhone 6?
Will the cutouts allow any standard micro usb cable and the headphones? is it one flap or separte flaps? is this case waterproof?
Can this case work with the htc m9 plus
Will this case fit with a screen protector like the zagg invisible shield hdx?
Are these cases opaque? I don't really want to see my serial # sticker through the case.
Has urban armor gear a similar case version for the m9 plus edition?
Does the IR blaster work with the case on?
I didn't see one for the htc m8  is there one available?
Is it made in the USA?
Are all the ports covered?  Or is the lightning port open for quick, easy access?
Is it heavy?
Does it work on samsung galaxy 6
How do I specify I need this for an Iphone 6?
Is it fingerprint scanner compatible?
Does it ship to you on time
I notice on the photo, it appears to be a gold color with olive green border, but one of the photos shows green and black.  Can you clarify?
Does this case have the hole for the fingerprint feature
can i use this case for iphone 7 plus?
Is it real carbon fiber
How protective is this case? Like does it just snap on or does it cover the entire rim around the phone? thanks
Is this for the iPhone 6? Description does not specify.
Is it slippery?
Is the "real wood" scratch resistant? Wood scratches doesn't it?
will it fit the new iphone SE?
Is the red/coral cover more red or more coral?
Does the camo fighter come in 6 plus?
does this fit an iphone 5?
Hi the case says it is 7 inch but an iPhone 6 is 4.7 inch. Can you please confirm if it is really an iPhone 6 case ?
I was told the bandwidth has to cover 700MHz to work with Verizon 4G LTE modem, will it work down to 700MHz?
Will this work with a cellular trail camera ? if so how much will it boost my signal i'm only getting 1 bar  now . says at&t  2g- sometimes 3g & 1 bar
How long is the cable, what type of connection is the repeater end and can the cable be removed from the antenna base?
Can i connect this to my samsung scs-2u01 verizon network extender to improve in-home cell coverage?
i want to know if this works with iphone 5s? because when we go to onlaska washington there is no signal. if i buy this will it help with the signal?
Would this work on a metal building?
Can I use this booster at my desk in the office? My building got many metal structure that weaken the signal. I barely got 1 bar at my desk.
hi,how to conect to my cell phone this antenna.thanks
Will this work with my Sprint Samsung Note 3?  If so what else will I need to make it work in my car?
hi.i recently purchase wilson electronics 800/1900 mhz magnet mount antenna with sma male connector for my edge note ,can you tell me how to connect
I need a model for galaxy note 5
Can you use the case like a stand in any way?
Can it be used with iphone 6 plus & iphone 6s plus?
Does this fit s6 edge?
What phone phone does this case fit?
Is it gel rubber?
