will this phone activate with sprint
Has anyone ever had the tomtom spark or moto 360 sport?  all seem comparable in price and rating on amazon - wondering what the difference is?
Do Thay come off?
Is this one water resistant?
Can it vibrate for an alarm and is the vibration strong enough to wake you up?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
Is it safe to stick on devices with no case??
How much per month to use?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
Will gumy bluetooth work on tv?
What material is this made from?
do they stick to wallet cases
Will this fit the galaxy express?
Does this case have a built in plastic screen protector like the Otterbox Defender or can you use your own glass screen protector with the case?
How long will it charge my phone? Couple hours?
can you plug in a mic?
will any 32GB MicroSD card work to expand the internal 8 to 32?
Is this case actually rose gold.....as some reviewers say it is gold, not rose gold
Does anyone know if this will work with a glass screen protector? (They're slightly thicker than regular PET protectors)
Can this work in any place in the world? like Egypt? but without inserting any GSM SIM card?
Do this phone has  expandable memory  HTC Desire 510 (A11)  Sprint No Contract
Hello, my grandmother has this phone and needs a car charger. can anyone tell me if this is a micro or a mini usb charge connection? tia
Does this come in a Iphone 7 version?
Want to order another color
What type of sim card would i buy with this phone?
Does it come with a case?
How many watts is this speaker
will this case be ok to use with a wireless charger or a wireless charging pad?
What is the range of distance
funciona con 3g movilnet
Does it work with metro pcs?
What is included in the box? And does it come with warranty?
Is this phone factory unlocked and doesn't come with any carrier branding? Does it have any carrier specific bloatware?
Dose this case have a build in screen protector?
Is this cable Plenum rated?  Thank you!
Does this work with Lumia 1520 ?
Can i use GSM sim?
What phones does this fit?
does it have a built in screen protector
The BLU website shows that the phone comes in 3 colors. You are only selling the black and gold versions. Why isn't the white phone being offered?
Will this fit on ihome will case on?
Is there anything else out there  like the lumee for Samsung S5
Is it really bright?
what's the lining made of?
Is the candyshell case slippery? i know Speck makes a grip case, but i really like this case.
Can this be activated on Straight Talk?
Can you confirm if this one fits on a regular iphone 6? (not 6s, not 6 plus - just 6)
Will it work in Mexico?
I pre-ordered this phone on June 13 with 2-day shipping Amazon Prime. Why does it estmate my delivery July 21. A month from now?!?!
Can this be used on Iphone 5
Does it work for iPhone
Can i buy this and not be from america or such? I live in sweden so i need to know if I can use it here or if its "locked"
Is the light portion surrounded by silicone or hard plastic?
Does this fit iphone 7?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
Does this work overseas, specifically is it compatible with 2100 band frequency???
will this fit the Galaxy s6 active
Can u usd this cases fro the iPhone 6s Plus
Can it be used with iphone 6 plus & iphone 6s plus?
will it work with an at&t sim card
does it work with micro sim
does it work in venezuela with Digitel?
Does it come with glass screen protector?
why this is taking to much time to be shipped? i order it with fre shipping that takes 5 to 9 business day
Does this case fit the samsung galaxy s7 edge?
Is this authentic?
Are these compatible with san disk sansa clip mp3 player?
Does this case fit an iPhone 6s Plus?
Does this come with a screen protector, or do you need to buy that separately?
Is it up to 5'' ? will it adjust down to 2 3/4' '?
comes with cord?
Does this fit on the iphone which has a tempered glass screen on it? I bought the tech21 case that is just the "bumper" and it does not fit w/ glass
does it have a good battery?
is there any grip to the any part of the case?
Can you take it off when ever you want to
will this phone work with metro pcs?
Is this the same as the impact shell?
Will this work with a glass screen protector
what kind of sims card ?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
What are the dimensions of this item?
Whey so expensive
What bluetooth 4 lg k3 has the best fit for your ear i have a problem with my ear
does it fits the phone sony experia Z3v
Does this phone work on traction service?
Magpul does not yet have a case for the new galaxy s7, has anyone tried this S6 case on the S7?  they are not identical, but very similar dimension
hi, it can be used in Venezuela?
Can this phone be used with cricket
Is this rose case for the galaxy samsung s7 or more specifically for the edge s7?
Can you Place and receive phone calls from watch via bluetooth connection to smart phone? (Does it have a mic and a speaker?)
Can it be connected to multi devices (e.g. Mac & iphone)? How is the sound quality during calls? Can I pause or control the volume from the earphone?
Will this case fit the 6/6s?
Is this supplied through pebble? Their page says it includes both the metal and steel band. Just want to double check before purchase
Is this original apple silicone case? Or a dupe?
Does this also fit the leather back? Thanks!
Is this the same case that Google sells in its Play Store?
Hi, do you sell this case (light pink) but for iPhone 6s? Thanks
can i let charging my watch all night long?
Can this cable be used for LPFM?  What would be the loss in dB for 100 feet. Power level will be between 100 and 250 watts at 101.3 mHz.
2 questions. 1) is this a stereo or mono system, 2) can you play usb mp3 digital files?
can the battery be removed?
Does thins come with the steel bracelet as well?
will this work for iPhone 7?
How do you block a phone number?
Is it Waterproof?
does this come with a screen protector?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
i have an att regular sim card will it work with this phone
can u install Nike running?
el telefono es nuevo, me refiero por el precio
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
Does it have a screen cover ?
I bought this in error not realizing it was for 6/6s plus. Do you have for 6s?
Where do I get a case for this phone?
I can connect as many computers to access wifi?
dose people even buy this?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
 Drop-absorbing soft resilient silicone reinforcement corner bumpers , impact resistant screen protection , Ballistic , Grand Prime Case [ Jewel Series ] Six-sided - 6ft Drop Test Certified Case Protection [ Clear ] Reinforced Bumpers Cell Phone Case Samsung Grand Prime - Clear
a question is this  a m7 model? what is the model
What is the difference between international unlocked and US factory unlocked? If I buy US factory unlocked, does it not work outside the USA?
why is the cadet blue case $139?
 Fashionable Functional design Samsung Galaxy S5 , easy install protect beloved phone damage . Allows access buttons ports charging , Kyasi Signature Wallet Style Case Pockets Samsung Galaxy S5 , Deep Purple
is the camera good
Can I link to Amazon echo?
I know this has voice commands, but can you text using your voice? Also, does it have on on-screen Querty keyboard for typing text?
does this one only have the leather strap, or also the stainless steel black matte included in the package?
before i end up getting this phone is it good to have cause i use youtube music like pandora facebook texting calling and how battery if not ill pass
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
 Fashionable Functional design Samsung Galaxy S5 , easy install protect beloved phone damage . Allows access buttons ports charging , Kyasi Signature Wallet Style Case Pockets Samsung Galaxy S5 , Deep Purple
Do you have one for just the iPhone 6
Would this work at all for iphone 5?
The delivery is 3-5 weeks?
Is this expandable? Can i put in a chip with more gigabytes?
Can this be activated on T-Mobile Network? If so, can it take advantage of the 4G LTE provided by T-Mobile?
hi good afetrnoon i need to now if this cellular is for chip movilnet venezuela? thanks so much for yor answer
how long is battery
Does this show caller id on the outside before you open it?
IS GSM O CDMA
If you buy this through Amazon how do you get a phone number on it?
What does the back of the case feel like -- rigid plastic, or slightly soft to give a little bit of non-slip friction?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
Can you use the case like a stand in any way?
Does it fit a iphone 5s
Will this fit the Samsung J7/J7-6
i heard this phone does not hold a charge for more than 5 hours...if so, no thanks
Does it really work with T-mobile? I can't find it .
Does the pelican case have a clear cover the lens on the camera?
Does this watch have a sim card slot?
Please tell me they are going to make a case for the note 7
Is it Clear or is it White? Big difference!
Is this made with D3O® impact material?
will it work with cell one sim card?
I would like to buy this phone just to use google hangouts/whatsapp over wifi connection. do i have to buy any minutes to activate the phone?
This phone work which digitel un venezuela?
Can I play Clash of Clans on this phone.
does it come with a battery
Mine will sometimes beep at me four times while it is otherwise working fine. Sometimes it will just beep once every 20 seconds or so. Manual is silen
Is it supposed to have squiggly lines when taking a photo or video? 
Is this case so for the s6 edge i just want tk kno because my wife wants this case
Is this holder good for iPhone SE?
What material is this case made of?
 Drop-absorbing soft resilient silicone reinforcement corner bumpers , impact resistant screen protection , Ballistic , Grand Prime Case [ Jewel Series ] Six-sided - 6ft Drop Test Certified Case Protection [ Clear ] Reinforced Bumpers Cell Phone Case Samsung Grand Prime - Clear
Can audio jack be used without removing case?
Does this have a grip? Or is it slippery plastic?
Is this case compatible with the wireless charger??
Will this phone work with straight talk?
Does this phone have parental controls and web filters available?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
I wonder if the phone works perfectly with 3g in venezuela? even with digitel?
Is the cover of a magnetic closure?
Will they stick on otter boxes?
will this phone work with straight talk?  just wondering if I can take the sims out of my old phone and put it in the Blu Dash X phone I ordered
Can the cd player still be used (continue playing with cd inside) with this phone mount inserted?
Anyone know if this fits the new SE?
How many watts
Does anyone sell the headphone silicone covers for these? I lost one of them.
Hi do you have lumee case for galaxy s5 or s7 edge  please
Can I use this charger for my ipad 4?
1. what is the impedance of this cable? 2. how many sheild layers? 3. can it be fitted with f-type connectors?
Hi ..Does this come with warranty
Does the phone work well without any issues
have the purple one?
Is this device is Unloked gsm?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
Will the cd slots fit a  6 cd player for Honda Ridgeline 2006?
Will this watch work like a fitness tracker?  Steps and sleep?
does this item worth the money? how loud it is? what's the weight on this item? what's the range on this item? what's the battery life on this item
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
 Drop-absorbing soft resilient silicone reinforcement corner bumpers , impact resistant screen protection , Ballistic , Grand Prime Case [ Jewel Series ] Six-sided - 6ft Drop Test Certified Case Protection [ Clear ] Reinforced Bumpers Cell Phone Case Samsung Grand Prime - Clear
Is it possible to take off the lite me sticker on the back?
Do the minutes carry over if you don't use them up in a month
can the cable survive being buried
Does this fit the S6 Active?
is this phone compatible with cricket
is it compatible with safe link?
does this work with metro pcs
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
Can the mirror be taken off?
Does the clear have rose pink around the edge?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
Is it possible now to choose from silver and gold models?
Is it 4G?
 The HTC Ozone everything need take care business whether 're office , HTC Ozone Windows Phone ( Verizon Wireless )
Can I use this phone with a Verizon plan?
Does the lumee case fit the samsung s5 sport?
Inside screen size?
Does it have an owner replaceable battery and does it have a built in FM radio?
can this phone be used with straight talk
i am from germany and life in the U.S. for a year.It says factory unlocked, does that mean i can also use it back home without any trouble? Thanks!
Did the musical.ly company make this?
Can this holder be used in a lexus gs350
Is this case available for galaxy s4?
can this phone be used in China?
it's unlocked (can i use any sim from any network ? europa ?)
This case will not fit galaxy s5 sm-g900?
does it turn yellowish after time
Can i use this for wifi only??
straight talk compatible
Can it fit a 7 plus
Does the device announce the caller's name (caller ID) as it is advertised to do ?
Does this have multiple brightness settings?
I is unlocked to Venezuela ?
Did this phone will be worked in Poland and did have polisch menu?
Does anyone else find the touchscreen INFURIATINGLY unresponsive?
Will it hold an iphone7 with a case?
can this phone hold and work good with a sd card of 128 gb?
Will this also fit the Galaxy S6 Edge?
Very interested, does this work on Verizon???
How does it charge the battery on the iphone ? you claim your able to extend the iphone battery uo to 8 additional hours?
Will the Xperia Ultra work with Staright Talk SIM card ?
Does it cover the whole phone or just the back?
What wattage is it?
I would like to buy it to wake me up in the morning with vibration only. Does it work like this for anybody?
What kind of cases are available for this?
is this phone 3g
Does this phone have gps tracking
Does the case mess with the focus
Will an iphone 5c fit?
Is there an apple case for $12?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
sirve para venezuela?
Wil this fit the samsung galaxy grand prime ?
Does this phone have a sd slot?
The pictures look like a standard iPhone 5 or 5s. Will this 5c case fit my iPhone 5?
what does zone 2 mean? Does it only work in certain regions?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
Does it come with original packaging?
Is it compatible with the latest OS 7 upgrade?
Has anyone bought this case (the clear, gray or black) for use with a black iphone? I'd love to see a picture please. Thanks.
Is the cord coiled? How long is the cord?
Why the gold color is not available?
Is this the international version, or the usa/s america version?  what all comes with the phone?
Does this case stick or slide in when placing into jean pockets?
 Expanding Stand Grip Smartphones Tablets - Marble Chic
does this phone has any company beside HTC's logo on it?
Does the main camera have autofocus?
phone use SIM card
does it fit iPhone 6s plus ?
How deep the space between the outside of the case to the start of the lg v20 headphone jack?  i need to see if my bose headphones fit.
Would it work with metro pcs
Can I listen Caller name, GPS location, and personalized ringing tune for caller?
is the one pictured white with pink top?  It keeps saying gray/gray
The picture says limited data use 3g, but the description says 4g lte which is it? if its 4g is it compatible with the lower g's?? it's sound quality?
Is it compatible with motorola moto e?
What does the popsocket come for to make it stick
is it blue tooth capable
I thought I would have heard something about this item by now. Any idea when this case will be in stock? Weeks...months?
Does anyone have a zagg glass screen protector on the phone and a case? any trouble fitting the case on after? (otterbox commuter especially)
que significa
When will BLU release this phone in pink or blue again? Or any other color besides black, for that matter?
Are the headphones budded ones?
Can you get this case for the Iphone 4S?
Can we instal this with the screw facing up without damaging the cd slot? Its hitting the volume button with screw facing down
Does wireless charging work with this case?
Do you wear it overnight while sleeping?
Can I add this to my current plan with sprint
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
Will this work on ATT 4g LTE?
Does it have a raised edge design to protect the screen?
will it fit an iphone 5s
Does it come in the retail packaging?
Can it connect with any device?
Is this a tempered glass or case? Check the picture and description...
can it play piano tiles 2,clash of clans and pokemon go.And if it can play pokemon go,does it have gyroscope?
Is this cable the right choice to use with a long range DTV Digital Outdoor HDTV rotor TV antenna?
Can you use the phone, for example like the wifi and internet and the mp3 player WITHOUT a sim card, like, is the phone usefull with no sim?
Can the cd player still be used (continue playing with cd inside) with this phone mount inserted?
Will it count number of skipping rope/Jump rope?
can u use this as a phone and a tablet
Will this clash with the blue iPhone 5c?
So why's it $50?
This is a clip on the belt carrier for my  Android phone?
How do you get your phone back out of the case? I can't get it out!! Even tried wedging a paper clip under it and it won't budge !!
Does this case come with a cover for the front, too? And is the back clear or actually rose gold?
Does it fit the Galaxy S6?
Is this case original tech21 or knock off?
What is the difference between global gsm (l) and us gsm (u) and if both of them are unlocked and if they both models can be use in other country.
How about the phone's battery, no one seems to talk about that. Does the battery die a lot faster?
 The HTC Ozone everything need take care business whether 're office , HTC Ozone Windows Phone ( Verizon Wireless )
Can the 5c case be used for a 5s phone?
Will this fit the s6 active?
 Compatible , Polaroid A6WH 6-Inch Unlocked Smartphone No Contract , 4G HSPA+ Dual SIM GSM , Android 4.4 KitKat , White ( Retail Packaging )
Will this fit the s7 as well?
I have a cheap plan with walmart family mobile. it's t-mobile without the bells and whistles. will this phone work, just a sim transfer?
Will this phone works with sprint?
Has anyone activated this phone through tacfone?
Work in Venezuela?
Does this work with google pixel
Hi, Does this fit the galaxy edge?
Does this phone show caller ID on the outside before you open it?
Is this watch compatible in the UK
How does the kickstand work?  I can't figure it out from the photos?
Does it have a screen protector
Can i Connect It to a videogame console?
Funciona con Fire Phone ?
how loud is it?
Can we use it only in WiFi? Does it need any activation?
Will this work with tracphone?
Do you still make this for the S5??
what are the dimention on this unid
Is this a plastic or rubber case?
Es la 3 o cual es? De cuanta potencia es?
Will this case keep dust out of the charging port
Are you REQUIRED to purchase a data plan w/ this phone? Will it still turn on and function fully and use wifi to surf the web w/out a data plan? I honestly just want a cooler ipod touch/media player because i really dont spend that much time talking on the phone....
Is this the moony blue color? Or is it a dark blue?
is   this  jitterbug  a no  contract    phone?
I am looking for a clear case that I can put a picture in, do you think you could try that and tell me if it fits nicely between the phone and case?
My antenna came with a 50 ft 5c-2v cable to power the built in rotor, but I need a longer cable to go from antenna to box. Will this cable work? thx
