does this monitor have an slog2 to 709 curve in it?
Working with 7d canon no video delays?
What type of battery do i need?
What type of battery do i need?
Work with canon 7d?
What type of battery do i need?
how do i get the pics to save to the camera from a camera card?
I have the kodak  easyshare sv811 but don't have a charger 0r anything   were can i get a charger for it?  thanks
My frame just quit working.  Can I get another cord for the frame or is it just over
Does it run on battery
I'm looking for a digital frame that I can email pictures to display; does this frame do this?
Do you have a spare remote control for the Easy Share SD1011 to sell?
Can this run on batteries?
There are black lines through the lcd display and I haven't dropped it or damage in any way. What should I do?
How to download iPhone photos to a Kodak digital instant frame
What is the aspect ration?
why does this cost three times more than oredering it from Class On Demand directly?
What does the second smaller knob on the ball-head do?
What is the "Load Capacity"? I can't see it listed anywhare?
What is the max load rating for this tripod?
How much does it weigh?  One reviewer mentioned less than 5 lbs
where is the video stored?
We are about to have our new home built. I was wondering if an Arlo system would be adequate to view the construction and use as security measure?
How does this camera perform underwater? Is it blurry without the flat lens?
Will the camera still auto focus with water proof housing?
Why az1vr/w  when there is hdr-as100vr. what are differences and advantages, besides being smaller.
Does it record while charging? Can the microphone be turned off?
does it comes with a mic imput ?
Underwater footage is blurry. Is there a solution for this? Perhaps a flat lens option like other cameras have?
Can you change the camera's video mode ( such as slo mo or picture mode) by using the buttons on the side of the action cam?
What is the range for viewing and controlling with the remote?
Is the Live View Remote (RM-LVR2V) waterproof? Can buttons be pressed under water?  And is there any other way to use it than mounted on the wrist?
Does the camera stay in the set mode? Example, setting it in "photo" mode, will it stay in "photo" mode when you turn it off and then on again?
Will this flash tube work on alien bee flashes?
Does the monolight have a plug in for pocket wizards use?
is this dual-voltage or autovolt?
Any advice on how to get the softbox together?? Where do the metal rods go?
Can these lights be used with the CowboyStudio remote wireless flash triggers?
Does this have a hole for sync/trigger?
Is a carrying case available?
I bougth this product on july 2014, I used 3 times, and today the base of the stand is broken, do you have the plastic piece to remplace it ?
How short can the straps be adjusted?
is it possible to use this pack together with a hiking bacpack with waist belt?
What length camera lens with DSLR attached will fit in this bag?
What is the actual resolution and framerate of the highest quality setting on this camera?
Is there an microphone input?
Is this water proof?
Theres a usb plug on the gimbal. do you use this to update the software? when i plug it into my computer nothing pops up.
Is there a way to change the on camera menus to read in english?  Also where can I buy additional batteries for the camera?  Thanks
Is the gimbal waterproof/resistant?
Does this come with an app for using the wifi?  How do you use the wifi?
If i buy just the gimbal, does that mean i will just get the stick with the 3 axis stabilization, and does it work with the go pro hero 4 silver?
i see a "gimbal" listing, and another listing for a "camera & handheld gimbal" bundle.   are both listings for the same model 3 axis gimbal?
Is this thing waterproof?
does it has chinese language?
does this camera have a timer? if so for how long?
Does this have a viewfinder?
Where are the reviews for this camera
What is included in the package？
how do i transfer my photos from kodak s-1 camera to apple ipad air 2
Will these lenses fit the Kodak pix pro az421?
where can I see samples of the 400mm telephoto?
Please provide a details of what items are included in the box ?
does this include the flash box?
Will this lens work on the eos rebel t3i?
what which it is the Flash Tube Xenon that uses
how long is each pad / LegCoat?
Does this unit come with a hard drive , Ifyes what size?
does this dvr come with a rw cd burner and does it continually record
Does this support onvif wifi cameras?
What are the dimensions?
Can this unit be battery operated? If so, what battery type and aprox how long will it run the unit at full brightness? Thanks!
Has anyone used the portable battery booster packs to power this? Some of the car ones have adapters for electronics
Can this unit be battery operated? If so, what battery type and aprox how long will it run the unit at full brightness? Thanks!
Does this come with a rugged case, straps and lens covers for objectives and eyepiece?
does this include case, neck strap, and eye covers?
does it need a flash
Can you use (2) sirens?  I have a guest house I'd like to put one in.
Is any paid subscription needed for this system to work?  If not, what features do I get with the subscription service?  Thanks.
Does the premium pack include a wall mount for the camera?
Can i use sensors without myfox hub? i have wink hub, canary alarm & schlage locks, so don't need fobs as it all disarms from lock keypad or alexa.
Does myfox camera integrate with the alarm system? Will its motion detection set off the alarm?
I'm interested in using this only for one window which is nowhere near my enter/exit door.  Could I use this without any door concerns?
Are smoke sensors available?  How about IR motion sensors in case someone gets in, i.e. through chimney, unlocked door, broken wall, toilet, etc?
Can the alarm be set to only notify the app on your phone and not set off local alarm?
Do you get a notification from the app or text if the alarm is set off?
Can the door sensor tell if the door is left open? I don't see how a single unit, even with vibration sensing would be able to determine that.
Am I to assume that there is a battery with the camera or does that n Ed to be purchased separately?
Can you purchase the warranty later
does it have image stabilization?
is a flash included?
does it come with international warranty
Hi could u send me this camera to a hotel in fort lauderdale before december 8?
What is the difference in the Base vs Bag option in the bundle (other than getting the bag)
Hello i want to buy this camera, i will be this week in a fort lauderdale hotel,could you send it me there? tomorrow or wednesday? thanks
does this camera have a view finder
Shipping to Puerto rico?
Can you configure this camera (set ip address, etc) without a windows pc? (alternatives: plugin-free web browser interface, mac app, iphone app)
Is it water proof
is there an adaptor to attach an iPhone 6 available?
Will this work with an iPhone 6s Plus?
Can one keep the knobs in a halfway tightened state, so that the rods stay in place, yet are slidabe without the need for tightening & untightening?
Is this compatible with a Garmin Virb Elite?
Can I mount my iphone to this?  Does the gopro mount unscrew?
Can this pole be used with a switronix dvgp3usb battery eliminator usb for gopro 3/3+ to power the camera?
What is the maximum weight limit?
Will this hold a Samsung Note 4?
Can you change the battery?
would this work with an iPhone 6s?
Does it work with iPhone 6 plus?
Are these lens macro, fisheye, wide angel, etc.  Which mm is which?
Are both lens "white"??
Are both lens "white"??
What color are the lenses? Product photos do not show lenses.
Does the flash on the Pentax K-S1 automatically pop-up when needed in low light or must it be manually activated each and every time?
does this come with 2 lenses, as the title but nothing else reflects?
ISO 400 or 800?
What kind of output does it have?
what are the dimensions of this product and do the "rings" come with it to clip on to?
Is the film for a Polaroid camera?
Does this come with a screw-on pan arm/handle? I don't see one in the photo.
I need an owners manual for this model...any idea where i can get one???
If I understand correctly, this will convert my current light (on/off) to a three position switch (on/off/motion detect) is this correct?
I have a wall box with 4 switches & I want to replace one with this switch. Is it larger than a regular wall switch?
does light come on in the evening only i am trying to do the test in the daytime
Can this be used with dimmable CFL or LEDs?
How can I turn off the strobing effect that is constantly on when it's suppose to be standing by for motion?
If I bought this, the switch would replace a rocker switch that is in a 2 gang wallplate.  Will the new switch fit into an existing 2 gang wallplate?
Will I have better night vision with this camera than the original cameras that came with my securityman? At night i cant see the cars they are blurs.
Can i connected to q-see dvr to record video... i has the standard connections for a dvr's
Does it need to be plugged into a power outlet?
Does this camera have motion detection and can it be streamed to a Hard Drive on my network?
what do i need to record
Can i connect this to my home WiFi network? Once connected to my home network can i see the camera device on my network?
What frequency band does this camera transmit on?
is this camera work with qsee recevier
Is sm-804 dt compatible with digilcddr2 4 channel?
Is this battery rechargeable, like the Casio NP-90?
can i use it with apple
Does the video record sound?
Description states button web-sharing, I presume i.e.,only through computer and not built-in?
can this work as a webcam? could I plug it into my computer to use with skype or facetime and possibly control the swivel/rotation from my computer?
What is the rated charging mA for this when using 12v  input?
Will this work on the EN-EL 14a? I have a Nikon D5300 need a new charger
dose it works with nikon d3200
Can this make it through airport security as check-in luggage, or will it get somehow zapped?
Does this work on instax Mimi 90
How long can I keep the film before it goes bad?
please, just to confirm, this item is 3 twin packs of 20 films, total of 60 pictures?
Do you have any new film?
What's the exact size of the develop picture in inches?
what the picture size in inches?
This film work forma fugifilm 210 ? Is The same film for all the models
When is the expiry dates?
is it the same size for all models? (Wide 210 200 100 300)
Can this be used for solar eclipse?
I have lee 100 by 100 system and a lee big stopper. can i use haida nd32000 on by lee system ?
Is the Nikon adpater included?
Will the lens work with a Nikon D5100?
Looking for a lens that will capture my boys football & rugby at about 30yds+, outdoors. Is this the lens for that purpose? I own a D3200. Thanks.
will the lens work with a Nikon D3200?
will lens work iwith d200?
Will this fit on a Nikon D3200?
is the Nikon mount included ?
Will this work on a Nikon 7000 or 750 ?
Will this fit on a Nikon 7100?
Is a tripod mount included or available for this lens? Seems this is not included, but very necessary.
Is this 23 or 35mm
This is for an Advantix f300 camera with panoramic picture option?
how many stops will the heliopan 67mm nd add
Will the Heliopan 52mm variable gray ND filter fit in the Nikon 52mm dedicated filter holder for the Nikon 200-400mm lens?
Does this version of the filter come with the front threads?
Does this version of the filter have front threads for the attachment of additional filters ? Heliopan has variable NDs with and without front threads
Does the clapper have a magnet in it?
Isn't there a version of this with an LED read out?
Are the clapper sticks color on the reverse side? Need this for color correction on multi cameras.
Is the slate engraved so that the lettering doesn't scrape off?
I do a lot of hybrid shooting, has anyone tried to use the gray color stick in Lightroom post production for white balance with success?
Are the words and lines etched in or printed on the slate? Thanks!
Will the adjustments on one lens affect other lenses? i'm using a canon 5d mk iii, is each adjustment saved in-body for each lens?
Will laminating this product affect the calibration?
Will this work with the sony a7 and the sony a7ii? (these are mirrorless cameras)
Would lowepro dslr video fastpack 150 aw fit in?
Does the "C35L" indicate it will accomodate a 35 liter (2,135 cubic inches) bag?
will it fix a bag 14" by 8" by 6"?
would this cover a 12"x12"x4" hard solid box?
I am trying to secure an object that is 15 x 11x 6". Would this enclose the item?
re: the c25L bag, is this big enough for a full face motorcycle helmet?
will this cover a 12"x12"x4" hard solid box?
I have venturesafe 25L G2.  can i use it? it fits my bag? could you recommand me  right sizes ?
Can the wire and cable be cut with a simple pair of pliers? I'm not talking about bolt cutter which can cut anything.
How long does the unit really run at full brightness with the two batteries having a full charge? Thanks!
Can this light mount to a tripod?
Will the lights work if the AC adapter is plugged in or will they only work on the batteries?
My camera is a canon hfr20, it has a setting called "night scene,"  would this be compatible with the infrared?
I've see two conflicting answers, so i am asking the question again. will the unit run with an empty battery but with the ac charger plugged in?
Can this be used with a GoPro hero 4 ?
Does anyone have light stand recommendations? I know it needs to have a 1/4-20 mount, but I want a small stand.
What is the CRI on this light?
After about 15-20 minutes of continuous use, the light dims then goes off.  I've let it charge for 4 hours prior to use.  Is this to be expected?
Will this work with cannon hf10 ?
Does this grip require a chord for the shutter button to work?
Hi, does it have a On/Off switch?
Do I have to put EN-EL4 batteries in there or what?
hello,i wonder if this item has the display as it is on the photo,but i hasitate besacue there is different photos with display and without display
Will this fit a T1i? I see there is an option for the model in question, but it doesn't have the LCD.
does this work with a cannon rebel t3
Does the xsi version of this battery grip work with canon xti?
hola me gustaria saber si se puede usar el disparador del grip sin tener que conectarlo a la camara mediante el pequeño cable que viene con el mismo
Will the Nikon D7000 grip fit with the new Nikon D7100?
Will this grip work for just a Canon EOS Rebel T3?
Can anyone give me the weight of the motor/gear part in grams please?
What is the rosette thread size? I know it's larger than 1/4-20 and M6, but smaller than 3/8-16. Thanks in advance!
Last question guys and thanks for answering my other question. Does this come with a charger and if not, what charger do I need to buy?
Can I use it for zoom control and will i need a gear ring belt for the Panasonic 14-140 mm lens?
What do you recommend to keep the Ikan gear to stay with gear on the lens? The motor keeps making the lens gear skip. I tried tightening the 15mm rail
Can it be used on came-tv optimus 3 axis gimbal?
Would this work as effectively or at all on the zoom as the focus?
How fast is the standard tourqe?  Do you ever feel like you should've bought the High Tourqe motor?
Does the lemo cable interfere with the gimbal balance or stabilization?
I need 100' line , 4 lines. How much more
what is the mobile apps name? I have windows platform phone and am curious if I can download before I buy it.
Does the adaptor rates is 110-240Volts?
Still confused after reading through answers ...Is it compatible / viewable with Android phone ?
What is the warantee phone number? I am having a issue with my new system
How can you view your video from a remote location on the iphone?
How do you set up the network viewing? Instructions aren't clear and no one answers the phone.
What is the warranty policy for this system? Repair or replacement?
are the cameras  housed in metal or plastic?
Does this system have motion recording and e-mail alert if motion is detected?
i have a nikon d3200..
will it focus all the nikon compatible lenses having range between 3.5-22 like
tamron 70-300 & 18-200mm nikon mount
nikon 18-55
can you please inform if this teleconverter is compatable with my Nikon D7000 with nikkor 18-300mm
does this converter work on the D7100
Is this teleconverter compatible with a Nikon3200 camera lens?
Will this teleconverter AF with a Nikon D40x and Nikkor 55-200mm lens?
I have a Nikon D7000 camera; does this teleconverter work best on full Auto, P, S, A or M?
Is this teleconverter compatible with a nikon d5300 and zoom 55-300 mm lens?
Hello, work the vivitar x2 for do the autofocus on the opteka 650-1300mm with a Nikon d3200?
Is this the "Series 1" converter?
And how does it connect to D90 lens attached?
Does it work with Canon Efs 55-250mm IS lens ?
does it come with a battery charger
what type of battery does it take?
When I try to take a picture it flashes, When I try to look at picture it says read error finepix s400A
how do you charge this camera?
Does it have rechargable battery and usb cable
Can battery be recharged
Is the black 16 or 14 mp?
is the battery rechargeable?
Optical zoom work while doing video?  Previous camera optically zoomed in still shots only, unlike my previous Kodak v570/v610 cameras.
what sd card does this camera use, and where can I buy one?
Do we need to pay the online watching fee?
What length and how many camera cables - if any - come with this 8 camera included system? Can you easily set it up to send phone alerts?
IS THERE A FEE FOR REMOTE ACCESS?
How is the manufacture's warranty honored since you are not the manufacturer?
Over 2 years of recording, Is that continuous recording or will it need a larger hard drive or use a lower video setting ?
are the cameras water proof or just weather proof
we need a wireless signal booster because one camera is too far for the signal. What kind of booster do we need? Thanks
They worked for one year, but now I am experiencing cameras having trouble turning on the IRs. Does anyone have the same issue?
do the cameras have a focus feature?  If so, how do you use it?
Is there an app for Windows Phones?
Has this been tested with the dji phantom 3 pro?
Why is it showing 1 to 2 months for shipping this item?
does the motion detection camera work in the outdoor case?
Can you kindly suggest some rechargable kit+batteries?
Will this case work in temperature below zero degree ?
Does this stand work for arlo camera also?
Does the night vision still work with the case on?
Wrong photo?  The description says table/ceiling mount but the photo shows a set of 4 wall mounts.
will motion sensor works thru windows?
how on earth are you selling this product for $199.98?
does this need a memeory card
Is the interior (bowl) of the dish white or silver
I have the dish and was wondering if Amazon sells the grid separately?
does this also fit alien bees strobes?
does this include the updated bracket, not the old one everyone was complaining about in the comments?
Is the color of the grid a gold color as it appears in the photo? Thanks.
are these cameras sold as a pair and if so are they shipped 2 per bos
DO the bnc adapter is included?
I have coax already ran in my buildingbwith bnc connectors. What type of connector comes on this camera?
My first attempt and outside homesecurity. I bought just this camera, now what? Do I just plug into -?
are these in stock? how soon can you ship?
can anyone tell me this product demension: 7.5 inch X 6.8 inch X 4.5 inch is in what specific order, I need to know before I can order it, thanks.
do the BNC adapter for a bnc dvr is included?
Do is  work on all   revo  systems
Warranty?
my question is why all the revo systems have only 3 reviews and are done by the same persons?some is cooking .
can I connect the dvr to a pc or tv and use it as an external recorder? does it come with a remote? is it touchscreen? thanks
its been assembled in China or in USA? and its origin of manufacturing is china or usa
How comfortable is this for day hiking? As a woman this is of particular interest. Also does it have a waist strap? I see no mention of one.
Would the top portion hold a medium size pair of binoculars in that compartment
Hi would Nikon D3 fit in this bag with Nikkor 105 macro attached? thanks
do you think a Nikon D610 with attached 70-200mm would fit here? I especially care for the camera and lens to be attached to each other.
Can anyone tell me what they paid for this backpack? I have one "like new" and don't know the price!
what size fits the Sigma Art 35mm lens?
Can this filter be used to photograph the solar elipse?
What is the ND range of this filter?
Can it be triggered with digital input as well as using the built in motion detector?
mac os requirement
The title says two way audio, but I can't find anything in the description about this. Can anyone clarify if it indeed has this option? Thanks:-)
replacement battery for a Hero 2, some I found are 3.7 V but 1320 mAh says they work, but GoPro shows 1100 mAh.
Is this battery for the gopro original and does it come with everything needed to use it?
just got a hero the battery is built in is there an add on for that
Hi, Can you just confirm if this is an original new GoPro battery?
What is the manufacturing date on these batteries?
Does this take pictures that I can put on my computer?  Yes I know nothing.
Is the quality of indoor pictures good as well?
Does it come with accessories, ie battery, strap, software, case, SC card?
does it come in original packaging with the charger and USB connector
Does it have wifi capabilities ?
Does the camera have a time and date stamp
Where are made?
can you take pictures under water
is the camera new and in packaging
memory card model?
does this ship to guam
what are the internal dimensions?
How rolls does it come with?
what is exp. date on film products? thank you!!
